---
layout: post
title:  "PhD studentship on Hydrodynamic Models of spinor Bose-Einstein condensates at the University of East Anglia"
date:   2023-10-30
categories: job
---

**Start date**:
October 2024

**Application deadline**:
27th November 2023

**Project description**

Bose-Einstein condensates (BECs) are degenerate quantum states of matter that provide unprecedented experimental control and so are ideal test beds for studying fundamental physics such as superfluidity and quantum turbulence, and they hold much promise for future quantum technologies.

Originally scalar BECs were studied where the superfluid order parameter, representing the wavefunction describing the macroscopic matter wave, can be expressed as a single complex scalar field. Nowadays, BECs can be created where the spin degrees of freedom of the atom are not frozen out. These spinor BECs can support many types of topological excitations that are defects in the order parameter. In contrast, in a scalar BEC the only type of topological defect is a quantized vortex. The interactions of these defects can give rise to complex spatiotemporal dynamics that require a hydrodynamic description to uncover the key dynamical processes when the system is driven away from its natural equilibrium state.

The aim of this project is to formulate these hydrodynamic descriptions by starting from nonlinear mean-field models of spinor BECs and applying the physical laws of fluid dynamics in terms of the spin and mass superfluid currents. Predictions obtained from these hydrodynamic theories will be compared against numerical solutions of the mean-field models. There will also be opportunities to develop GPU accelerated computations of these models.

We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated candidate with an interest in computational and mathematical modelling of superfluids. A background in quantum physics or fluid mechanics is essential and you are expected to have some familiarity with programming. Highly desirable skills include experience with numerical simulations.

**Funding Notes**

This PhD project is in a competition for a Faculty of Science funded studentship. Funding is available to UK applicants only and comprises ‘home’ tuition fees and an annual stipend of £18,622 (for a maximum of 3 years).

**How to Apply**

Follow this <a href="https://www.jobs.ac.uk/job/DDT241/phd-studentship-hydrodynamic-models-of-spinor-bose-einstein-condensates">link</a> or < a href="https://www.findaphd.com/phds/project/hydrodynamic-models-of-spinor-bose-einstein-condensates-salmanh-u24sci/?p162874"> this</a>.
 
