---
layout: post
title:  "Post-doctoral positions in the London Low Temperature Laboratory "
date:   2023-01-23
categories: job
---
The London Low Temperature Laboratory is advertising 2 postdoctoral positions. Our lab is actively engaged in cutting-edge research in the exciting field of quantum science and technology and we are seeking highly motivated individuals to join us.

The successful candidates will have the opportunity to work with a team of experienced researchers and contribute to our ongoing projects in the area of quantum optomechanics, and quantum circuits. The ideal candidates will have a PhD in physics, mathematics, electrical engineering, or a related field.

Responsibilities of the postdoctoral fellows will include conducting independent research, collaborating with other members of the group, and presenting results at conferences and in publications. The successful candidates will also have the opportunity to participate in the training of graduate students.

We offer a competitive salary and benefits package, as well as a supportive and inclusive work environment. These are a full-time positions for a period of 2 years, with the possibility of extension based on performance and funding availability.

More info available in these two job adverts:
post 1: https://jobs.royalholloway.ac.uk/Vacancy.aspx?ref=1122-536
post 2: https://jobs.royalholloway.ac.uk/vacancy.aspx?ref=1222-547

If you or someone you know may be interested in this opportunity, please send a CV and a cover letter to xavier.rojas@rhul.ac.uk. The deadline for applications is 15 Feb 2023.

