---
layout: post
title:  "Open PhD and postdoc positions in comic superfluidity at Royal Holloway -  31 January 2025 and 28 February 2025 deadlines"
date:   2025-01-14
categories: job
---

Open PhD and postdoc positions in comic superfluidity on interdisciplinary FLF project led by Dr. Vanessa Graber at Royal Holloway – 31 January 2025 and 28 February 2025 deadlines.

We are happy to announce several openings – two for PhD positions and two for postdoctoral research associates – as part of the initial hiring process for the recently awarded UKRI Future Leaders Fellowship project “Revealing the secrets of neutron-star interiors with AI and the SKA” led by Dr. Vanessa Graber. This cross-disciplinary work will combine condensed-matter physics, astronomy, nuclear physics and machine learning to develop state-of-the-art scientific software for neutron star astrophysics.

Two of the posts – one PhD and one postdoc position – will have a strong focus on cosmic superfluidity in ultra-dense matter and explore similarities with terrestrial low-temperature condensates. A keen interest in interdisciplinary research will, therefore, be key for all successful candidates.


All post holders will have access to state-of-the-art computing facilities, generous travel funds and extensive collaboration networks across all research areas including Royal Holloway’s experimental and theoretical low-temperature research groups.


Application deadline for the PhD positions is 31 January 2025. The deadline for the postdoc positions is 28 February 2025. Further details on all the posts can be found at https://vanessagraber.github.io/job_openings

For an informal discussion please feel free to contact Dr Vanessa Graber vanessa.graber@rhul.ac.uk.
