---
layout: post
title:  "Open postdoc position on Supersolids and quantum droplets via light mediated interactions (Experiment) at University of Strathclyde, Glasgow, UK"
date:   2025-12-19
categories: job
---
We seek a motivated postdoctoral researcher (Research Associate) to implement an experimental research programme on supersolids and quantum droplets in a laser-driven Bose-Einstein condensate of ultracold caesium atoms via light-mediated interactions introduced by feedback from a retroreflecting mirror. The project aims to implement a unique platform for exploring emergent behaviour and symmetry-breaking in self-organised supersolids with intriguing connections to the dynamics of long-range coupled systems and time crystals. It builds on an existing experimental platform for quantum-degenerate ensembles of caesium atoms.
 
The successful applicant will be based in the Experimental Quantum Optics and Photonics Group (<a href="https://eqop.phys.strath.ac.uk/">EQOP</a>) at the Department of Physics of the University of Strathclyde. The role involves close collaboration with Dr Peter Kirton and Dr Gordon Robb and a postdoctoral researcher from the Computational Nonlinear and Quantum Optics Group (CNQO) funded by the same EPSRC project “Supersolids and quantum droplets via light mediated interactions”.
 
Candidates should hold a PhD or an equivalent degree in experimental physics. Strong technical knowledge of atomic quantum gases and related optical setups is essential.  Applications are welcome from candidates who are close to completing their PhD or whose award is pending.
 
Further information and the application link can be found under 
<a href="https://strathvacancies.engageats.co.uk/Vacancies/W/6808/0/461322/15019/research-associate-772712"> https://strathvacancies.engageats.co.uk/Vacancies/W/6808/0/461322/15019/research-associate-772712 </a>
Informal enquiries should be directed to Dr Elmar Haller, elmar.haller@strath.ac.uk or Prof Thorsten Ackemann, thorsten.ackemann@strath.ac.uk.
