---
layout: post
title:  "Open Funded PhD position on the ultracold quantum mixture experiment led by Dr. Kali Wilson in Glasgow"
date:   2026-02-24
categories: job
---

There is an open funded PhD position in the group of Dr Kali Wilson at the University of Strathclyde. This PhD project will investigate vortex dynamics in a binary superfluid. You will explore quantum-fluctuation dominated regimes where the behaviour of the superfluid depends on its inherent quantum nature, driving our fundamental understanding of superfluidity as a collective quantum phenomenon. Research goals include (1) investigating the role of quantum fluctuations in vortex nucleation and subsequent dynamics, and (2) investigating quantum-fluctuation-mediated interactions between two superfluids. 

The successful student will join the <a href="https://eqop.phys.strath.ac.uk/vsf-projects/vsf-main/"> Quantum Fluids research team</a>, run by Dr Kali Wilson. You will work closely with the supervisor and other team members on a state-of-the-art experimental apparatus designed to explore vortex dynamics in binary superfluids formed of ultracold rubidium and potassium atoms. You will also acquire practical skills in the areas of quantum technologies, optics and atomic physics. These skills include working with lasers, designing optical systems, high-resolution imaging and state-of-the-art image processing techniques, cooling and trapping atoms, as well as electronics and mechanical design.

Funding Notes: Fully-funded scholarship for 3.5 years covers all university tuition fees (at UK level) and an annual tax-free stipend. International students are also eligible to apply, but they will need to find other funding sources to cover the difference between the home and international tuition fees. Exceptional international candidates may be provided funding for this difference. Please contact Kali Wilson (kali.wilson@strath.ac.uk) for details.

If this sounds exciting to you and you would like to hear more, please get in touch with Kali Wilson (kali.wilson@strath.ac.uk).

Find a PhD: h <a href="https://bit.ly/VortexDynamicsPhD"> https://bit.ly/VortexDynamicsPhD</a>


 
 
